Specify where to change the theme (#22)
catppuccin/home-assistant: README.md

4. Navigate to `Catppuccin` theme.
5. Press `Install`.
6. Go to services and trigger the `frontend.reload_themes` service.

> 7. Go to your profile settings to pick a theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Go to the [Profile General tab](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/profile) and change Theme under Browser Settings to your desired theme.
```

mv home-assistant/themes/catppuccin.yaml ~/config/themes/.
```

> 4. Go to your profile settings to pick a theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the [Profile General tab](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/profile) and change Theme under Browser Settings to your desired theme.
```
